add new keyboard rad (#17088)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/rad/readme.md

> RAD
> The Rad Macro Pad is a USB-C,  Macro Pad with 11 keys powered by QMK
> * Keyboard Maintainer: Anubhav Dhiman 
> * Hardware Supported: ATmega32U4)
> Hardware Availability: Interest Check
> Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):
> make rad:default
> Flashing example for this keyboard (after setting up the bootloadHID flashing environment)
> make rad:default:flash
> I have two example keymaps available, both the default and the encoderlayers keymap which demonstrates using different encoder functions based on the layer chosen.
> See the build environment setup and the make instructions for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our Complete Newbs Guide.
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# rad

The Rad Macro Pad is a USB-C,  Macro Pad with 11 keys powered by QMK

* Keyboard Maintainer: Anubhav Dhiman 
* Hardware Supported: ATmega32U4
* Hardware Availability: Interest Check

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make rad:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make rad:default:flash

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).
```

# rad

The Rad Macro Pad is a USB-C,  Macro Pad with 11 keys powered by QMK

* Keyboard Maintainer: Anubhav Dhiman 
* Hardware Supported: ATmega32U4
* Hardware Availability: Interest Check

> * 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

> Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

Reviewer 2: Could you add instructions on how to enter the bootloader, to flash new firmware? 

Eg: 
```markup
## Bootloader

Enter the bootloader in 3 ways:

* **Bootmagic reset**: Hold down the key at (0,0) in the matrix (usually the top left key or Escape) and plug in the keyboard
* **Physical reset button**: Briefly press the button on the back of the PCB - some may have pads you must short instead
* **Keycode in layout**: Press the key mapped to `RESET` if it is available
```
